Fri 19 Dec 2025, 12:59AM
This is the first day that I created my journaling program. This will help me jot down my thoughts throughout the week and reflect upon my thoughts. It will also help me relay my feelings throughout the week to my therapist which will help have more productive sessions. 

Lately I've been more in tune with my thoughts, I feel as if I am forced to slow down. It is quite an uncomfortable feeling. It makes me realize how fast my brain has been going to numb all the feelings I've been having. Sometimes it can quite overwhelming, like I don't know how to control this new me. I've taken this medication before during my past relationships and I realize how much that probably contributed to those relationships breaking down. I have the same feelings of dread and existential crisis that I attributed to my partner at the time.  I wonder how the serotonin truly affects my brain chemistry and why it affects me the way it does. 

This morning was quite rough, I felt very overwhelmed with my emotions but it kind of dwindled away when I completed my assignments. I was quite mad at Robyn but I can't seem to remember why. Will reflect upon that in a later journal. 

I am faced more with the question of what is my self image every day. Things used to move so fast that it wasn't even a consideration. I am uncomfortable being at this speed, but I do like the self- reflection I can uncover during this period. 

I'm going to uncover my true artist self. I have this undying yearning to create that is unstoppable. I do have an underlying belief that I can create something spectacular that I really want to explore this year. To accomplish this, I need to cut down on the amount of time I spend wasting it scrolling on social media. Do the thing Francis said about needing to be 'bored' more often. I want to create something amazing.

I want to protect this new me, I believe I can be really productive. But will Robyn like it ? I do not know. I do not know if she will ever be okay with me and it these thoughts hurt me so much. 

These SSRIs make me feel so numb. I don't even enjoy porn nor gacha games anymore and I guess that's a good thing. I've been trying to get off those things for awhile now. It's crazy how 10 mg really altered my brain chemistry in that way. I kinda feel like a new person, or rather restored to factory settings with new config settings. I don't have any more chronic pain in my back, and my nose doesn't bug me that much anymore. I spent more time in bed cuddling with Robyn than I normally would. I can actually spend more real time with her and that feels nice. I'd have to monitor other ways this medication effects my normal because its pretty substantial as of right now. 

Fri 19 Dec 2025, 01:30AM
Testing if the time stamp feature works. It does (yay). Originally, I wanted this to open in nvim but the macOS txt editor is quite nice. Now I just have to check tomorrow if the program creates a new file for that day. 

Fri 19 Dec 2025, 02:12AM
Another note. I need to look up L-Theanine for ADHD aid effects. Maybe that can be my secret weapon alongside fish oil. 

Fri 19 Dec 2025, 10:44AM
Updated the program to have put file in a directory. Nothing else is new, just testing program. 

Fri 19 Dec 2025, 10:44AM
I am realizing how sound sensitive I am. I constantly have to mute my discord call to get any thought to process in my brain. A few days ago, when Tita was on the phone late at night I struggled to get anything done. I wonder how I should implement ways to be more productive... I don't think I can sit in voice call anymore to get things done... So probably will spend less time with friends to tinker around with some things. I don't know how to balance my friend life at all. I feel like I am totally beholden to Robyn. I don't necessarily think that a bad thing. But I know there will be some days where I will miss my friends so I need to maintain and nurture that even when I don't want to. 

Maybe I should spend more time with people in STEM fields, have access to more connections that way. I really don't want to start the club. I feel so tired and overwhelmed, I have no idea what I was thinking trying to get that started. Even though I feel this way, I'm gonna get it done. It's just... I don't care? That much at all. Fuck everyone , I only want to do things for myself. I did want to start it to generate data for my dataset but I think there are other ways to go about that. 

Im so fucking sick of ZZZ. The way to keeps me coming back for meddling gameplay gimmicks but with good character designs is so fucking dumb. I don't even like the game like that and it's pissing me off. I plan on playing it again today, I feel like I'm fucking chained to that stupid fucking game. I need to really quit. 

I think in the meantime when I try to get medicated for ADHD I should try L-theanine. It seems to benefit sleep, focus , and anxiety. Which is all problems that I've been having. On another note, I need to eat more. My cravings are a bit more dull so it's been difficult to put food down my mouth. I need to figure out how to fit in cooking into my life without freaking out. I think less time spent online will definitely alleviate that. More thoughts on that later. 

I have this unhealthy to just hermit and work on my programming for the rest of my life. I missed out on a friend event recently and it kinda hurt me actually that I missed that. Definitely need to nurture my friend stuff. Maybe I should spend a bit more time in voice call and actually maintain conversations with them...

Fri 19 Dec 2025, 11:56PM
Last entry for this file. I just spent the last hour pacing while browsing tiktok. Need to figure out a way to not burn so much time. Maybe the pacing is necessary and I need to have another activity to go alongside it. I don't know why I am considering a SWE career with the volatile job market. I think I just need to go gamed route instead. It seems nice though ... 
